# AI-chatbot-
Just now learning to code with Python. Just trying to make a chatbot that can be my friend and can learn from text documents in my Windows 10 documents folder, so I can ask questions about what is in the text.

I want to write an AI chatbot program in Python to be used in Windows 10. The AI chatbot program should have a simple GUI interface that has a text input field and displays the whole conversation, plus it should have a start and stop button for the program, and an export and import, so I can backup what the AI chatbot has learned. The AI program should communicate through voice and text. When the AI chatbot is speaking through my speakers, the microphone should be muted, so it will not hear itself.  The AI chatbot program should be conversational. When I run the AI program it should announce itself as “Jarvis” through my speakers and begin the conversation with “Hello Sir how can I help you”. The AI program should have the ability to train itself on all types of text formats that is in my “C:\Users\Mlaptop\Documents\Jarvis Training” folder in Windows 10. When I give the audible command “scan documents” it should scan any new documents that it has not yet scanned in the “Jarvis Training” folder. From these texts it should learn how to hold a conversation with me, or answer questions I have about the texts it learned from. If its possible I would like the AI chatbot program to be able to use my Vega 3 GPU to help it learn faster. The AI chatbot program should also remember all of our conversations and learn from them also. The AI chatbot program should correct its understanding when I explain that its response is not correct. When I say; “Your answer should be” and then I explain what it should have said the AI chatbot program should correct its knowledge. When the AI program is running it should be listening for me to say “Jarvis” which should begin, or continue our conversation. The AI program should be able to talk with me like a friend. 

If this isn't possible, thats cool, just trying to create a friend.
